gRPC versioning and nested messages (#22324)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/versioning.md

* **Removing a field** - Values from a removed field are deserialized to a message's [unknown fields](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#unknowns). This isn't a gRPC protocol breaking change, but the client needs to be updated if it upgrades to the latest contract. It's important that a removed field number isn't accidentally reused in the future. To ensure this doesn't happen, specify deleted field numbers and names on the message using Protobuf's [reserved](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#reserved) keyword.
* **Renaming a message** - Message names aren't typically sent on the network, so this isn't a gRPC protocol breaking change. The client will need to be updated if it upgrades to the latest contract. One situation where message names **are** sent on the network is with [Any](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#any) fields, when the message name is used to identify the message type.

> * **Nesting or unnesting a message** - Changing how a message type is [nested](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#nested) will change its message name. It has the same impact on compatibilty as renaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Nesting or unnesting a message** - Changing how a message type is [nested](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#nested) changes its message name. Changing how a message type is nested has the same impact on compatibility as renaming.
```

> * **Nesting or unnesting a message** - Changing how a message type is [nested](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#nested) changes its message name. Changing how a message type is nested has the same impact on compatibility as renaming.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Nesting or unnesting a message** - Message types can be [nested](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#nested). Nesting or unnesting a message changes its message name. Changing how a message type is nested has the same impact on compatibility as renaming.
```
